com/example/projetandroid/view/CategorieAdapter.java
 com.example.projetandroid.view.CategorieAdapter
 com.example.projetandroid.view.CategorieAdapter$1
 com.example.projetandroid.view.CategorieAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/projetandroid/ArticleDetailFragment.java
 com.example.projetandroid.ArticleDetailFragment
 com.example.projetandroid.ArticleDetailFragment$1
com/example/projetandroid/view/ArticleAdapter.java
 com.example.projetandroid.view.ArticleAdapter
 com.example.projetandroid.view.ArticleAdapter$1
 com.example.projetandroid.view.ArticleAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/projetandroid/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.projetandroid.LoginActivity
com/example/projetandroid/PasswordOublierActivity.java
 com.example.projetandroid.PasswordOublierActivity
com/example/projetandroid/model/utils/beans/Categories.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.beans.Categories
com/example/projetandroid/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.projetandroid.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.projetandroid.ui.home.HomeFragment$GetAllCategories
com/example/projetandroid/Interface/CategoryClickListener.java
 com.example.projetandroid.Interface.CategoryClickListener
com/example/projetandroid/model/utils/Commande.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.Commande
com/example/projetandroid/model/utils/beans/Image.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.beans.Image
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.beans.Image$Sizes
com/example/projetandroid/ProductsActivity.java
 com.example.projetandroid.ProductsActivity
 com.example.projetandroid.ProductsActivity$GetArticlesByCategory
com/example/projetandroid/model/utils/webservice/OkHttpUtils.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.webservice.OkHttpUtils
com/example/projetandroid/ui/commandeshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.projetandroid.ui.commandeshow.SlideshowFragment
com/example/projetandroid/model/ItemPanierProduct.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.ItemPanierProduct
com/example/projetandroid/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.projetandroid.HomeActivity
 com.example.projetandroid.HomeActivity$1
com/example/projetandroid/model/utils/DatabaseHandler.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.DatabaseHandler
com/example/projetandroid/ui/search/SearchFragment.java
 com.example.projetandroid.ui.search.SearchFragment
 com.example.projetandroid.ui.search.SearchFragment$1
 com.example.projetandroid.ui.search.SearchFragment$GetArticleBysearch
com/example/projetandroid/ConfirmationCommandeActivity.java
 com.example.projetandroid.ConfirmationCommandeActivity
com/example/projetandroid/model/utils/beans/LinksTypes.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.beans.LinksTypes
com/example/projetandroid/model/utils/beans/ArticleTypes.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.beans.ArticleTypes
com/example/projetandroid/model/User.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.User
com/example/projetandroid/PanierActivity.java
 com.example.projetandroid.PanierActivity
 com.example.projetandroid.PanierActivity$1
com/example/projetandroid/Interface/ArticleTypeClickListener.java
 com.example.projetandroid.Interface.ArticleTypeClickListener
com/example/projetandroid/model/utils/beans/Articles.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.beans.Articles
com/example/projetandroid/view/PanierItemsAdapter.java
 com.example.projetandroid.view.PanierItemsAdapter
 com.example.projetandroid.view.PanierItemsAdapter$1
 com.example.projetandroid.view.PanierItemsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/projetandroid/model/utils/beans/Marque.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.beans.Marque
com/example/projetandroid/ListArticleFragment.java
 com.example.projetandroid.ListArticleFragment
com/example/projetandroid/model/utils/beans/CategoriesTypes.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.beans.CategoriesTypes
com/example/projetandroid/MainActivity.java
 com.example.projetandroid.MainActivity
com/example/projetandroid/model/utils/beans/ArticleDetails.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.beans.ArticleDetails
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.beans.ArticleDetails$CatagoryArticle
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.beans.ArticleDetails$OptionArticle
com/example/projetandroid/model/utils/webservice/GetDataWebService.java
 com.example.projetandroid.model.utils.webservice.GetDataWebService
com/example/projetandroid/view/CommandeAdapter.java
 com.example.projetandroid.view.CommandeAdapter
 com.example.projetandroid.view.CommandeAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/projetandroid/Interface/ItemPanierClickListener.java
 com.example.projetandroid.Interface.ItemPanierClickListener
com/example/projetandroid/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.projetandroid.BuildConfig
com/example/projetandroid/InscriptionActivity.java
 com.example.projetandroid.InscriptionActivity
